[Music]
Marci Feld life was all about her family
her charities and her friends but all of
that is about to end controversy is
erupting over the new CD by gangster rap
stars dr. s daddy if you have any more
stress it could kill you I need 10 cc's
the valium right now thank you for your
father pologize we will crush him and
Ben Feld my god now to save her father's
company just wish I had a son to take
over so that you wouldn't have to worry
Marci Feld will go somewhere unless my
father and I can't even help it she's
never gone before get out there show
your father just what you're capable of
yeah I'm gonna go see that dr. s in
person we can work together to work
Marci cares Marci loves Marci saves her
father's life
[Music]
I'm giving you one chance to clean up
your act here as a gangster gangster the
story the world can't stop talking about
doctor at will he apologize no you're
trying to overhaul your image welcome to
our auction to benefit Quinn fitta
children with no feeling in their arms
this is a whack that means bad Oh new
[Music]
because you're not real if I can get
real we you sincerely apologize what you
gonna do you gonna rap fun mas a musical
although I did love Lion King about
knowing who you are you have insulted my
people giving it all you've got
I know tight mouth six bills on the
white sick
Lisa Kudrow Damon Wayans you know you
remind me of someone in that outfit with
the jewelry and the hair too damn it
Maya Esther
you
[Music]